[Music]
wow it's the only place where one minute
you're learning 17 natural ways to get
rid of house flies
and the next you're taking an epic
journey straight into a black hole
we keep millions of people guessing what
our next video will be about
and since no one's ever been right we're
officially the most
random channel on youtube our most
devoted viewers can take a megalodon
apart and assemble it again
because we've squeezed that topic dry
8.8 billion views in total that's 37
billion minutes watched or more than 70
000 years
that's all the way back to the ice age i
wasn't around that
4 000 videos hundreds of topics and most
importantly
you a whole 40 million of you are
viewers
we could populate an entire country if
we wanted to and
who knows this is the bright side and
what we do
is life itself thank you for being a
part of it